you
this one goes out to all the ladies out
there
strangers in the night exchanging
glances one drink in the night
wonder the chances we'd be sharing long
before the night was through
something in your eyes
is was so inviting something in your
slide was so exciting
thing in my heart told me I must have
you
strangers would not
two lonely people we were strangers in
the night
up to the mortgage
we said office
give me know
love was
glass
almond gracing gasps
we men too
lovers at first I
in love forever
it turned out so right
for strangers in
hey blue team members who I have out
there
rule of Scylla
you
go on ur war eagle
strangers in the night
two lonely people we were strangers in
the night up to the moment when we set
off first hello little did we know love
was just a glass
a warm embracing down
the way ever since
we've been to
lovers at first sight
in love for
it turned out so
for strangers in
the na
ladies and gentlemen please put your
hands together for Kyle thank you great
job excellent job now let's have a quick
chat and get this out of the way there
you go how you doing you have a lot of
fans out there a lot of people were
loving it of course it certainly didn't
it didn't hurt to start off saying this
is for all the ladies because you want
everybody over on that note yeah and
then may I ask man first of all I seem
like a very confident guy I enjoy that
this is not the first time they even up
here on stage is it is like not on this
stage but you seem very confident up
here and just having some fun and
actually this is my first time ever
performing without karaoke so ready
memorize all these lines last night I
think I did okay he did a good job you
did a good job I need to find out cuz
you seem like a fairly young gentlemen
if you don't mind me saying and you were
singing you were singing the classics I
mean it was it that is so refreshing to
see so are you a big Sam's Frank Sinatra
fan actually it's just one of the
easiest ones I like to sing but uh it
seems like I'm through of the mood a lot
of older ladies love it so uh make you
all old ladies out there this one was
for you
50 and up
I'll be right back under get my shovel
he's looking for a sugar mama I don't
want to be here when they start throwing
things at you all right um and then you
had to go into the blue thing thing so
they're usually you're obviously don't
blue yeah well say are we losing now
it's my responsibility cuz I don't want
to leave anybody out where's the White
team and where's the red team see
they're all the older people that you
were talking about that's that so yeah
so who are you selling with who are you
here on the cruise with I'm here with my
family and another friend the
liverpool's family friend excellent are
you having a good time I'm having a good
time but I'm looking for the next two
nights so if anybody sees me say hello
especially all the old ladies so now
he's a pimp excellent all right now can
I ask how old you are I am 18 years old
so I'm legal
now for champagne you're not scratch the
champagne hey my parents said it today
are your parents where you're right in
their anniversary are you can bring up
the champagne how many years 21 21 years
congratulations and you almost do how
many that's very cool as well so this is
for your parents I'm giving your son a
bottle just so you know there you go
that's for you that's what you can go
out there and try to wound all the old
ladies Oh Kyle war eagle yeah Kyle you
also have one yourself your very own
limited edition this is biblical here on
board this is huge it's like the ship's
holy grail this is a one-of-a-kind 24
karat gold plastic trophy now every time
I give one of these down and ask the
audience to help and say you've just won
yourself your very own 24 karat gold I
need to yell back plastic so Kyle once
again oh by the way the hardest button
any show to do is a very first spot you
did an amazing job so thank you very
much for starting off the show Kyle you
are walking away with everybody's
blessings you're wooing all the ladies
out there and you also want yourself
your very own 24 karat gold trophy
that's for you sir thank you and I'll
take that back before you can say
anything else all right Kyle 18 years
young trying to woo all the ladies that
are 50 years young and under were older
whatever he would like to do I I admire
you Kyle that's that's that's Wow okay
we are moving on with the show but with
something when Kyle was singing back
there before we have this whole
conversation and him talking about love
and being single and looking are you
single Kylie yes you are
shocker alright